# panopto-transcript-downloader
A Greasemonkey/Tampermonkey user script that adds download links for ASR captions and full-text transcript to Panopto. 

## Why does this exist?
Panopto recently enabled a feature that allows video creators to publish an automated speech recognition (ASR) transcript as the closed-captions track for a video. Because these captions are machine-generated, however, they often require significant correction and cleanup before they are accurate enough to ensure videos are accessible to viewers who rely on closed captions. Although these captions can be corrected manually within the Panopto interface, it is sometimes easier and faster to fix errors offline in a text editor that supports global search-and-replace and can check spelling. Panopto supports this by allowing video creators to download the generated captions file, but the link is buried in a settings page and requires several clicks to access from the main video editing interface. 

This user script simply makes it a little bit faster to download the captions file for a video, without requiring a dive into the settings. It adds two links to the menu on the left side of the standard viewing/editing page for a video. The first link will allow the user to download the captions file generated by Panopto. The second link, as a convenience, permits the user to download a transcript that is created by stripping out the caption time codes. 

## Installation

First, you'll need to install the Greasemonkey/Tampermonkey plugin for your Web browser of choice. [Greasemonkey](http://www.greasespot.net/ "Greasemonkey site") (Firefox) and [Tampermonkey](https://tampermonkey.net/ "Tampermonkey site") (Chrome, Safari, Microsoft Edge) are plugins that permit you to modify and extend some functions of web pages displayed in a browser by running local user scripts. 

Once you have either of those installed and enabled in your web browser of choice, the simplest way to add the Panopto transcript downloader user script is by navigating directly to the raw script file in this repository: [panopto_transcript_downloader.user.js](https://github.com/evccedtech/panopto-transcript-downloader/raw/master/panopto_transcript_downloader.user.js "Raw view of user script file"). Greasemonkey/Tampermonkey will recognize this as a user script and ask if you want to install it. Selecting the "install" option will add the script. At this point you should be able to use it.

Alternatively, if you're a regular git user you can always clone this repository and manage/modify the script however you please. :-)

## How to use

It's easy! If you've enabled the user script in your browser, any time you navigate to the view/edit page for a Panopto-hosted video that has published captions you will a Downloads section added to the menu on the left side of the page. This will contain two links: one for captions and one for the transcript. 

Clicking either link will download the associated file using your browser's native method for downloading text files. The captions link will download the time-coded captions file Panopto is currently using for the video. The transcript link will download a very lightly processed text file that has stripped out line breaks and time codes, and that has capitalized the first word of each sentence.

Download links will not appear for videos that do not have closed captions enabled.

